README.md, before:

# Antibiotics RCT

This repository holds the code, data and documentation for our RCT
*The Effect of Audit & Feedback on Prescribing Behaviour and
Engagement with Data on OpenPrescribing.net - A Randomised Controlled
Trial Protocol*.

This is a cluster-randomised, controlled parallel-group
trial. Participants will be allocated to intervention or control group
in a 1:1 ratio, block-randomised by CCG. Those in the intervention
group will be allocated to receive one of two different styles of
intervention (which we call `A` or `B`), block-randomised by CCG.

Intervention `A` varies the content of the email on each wave. `B` is
the same on each wave, but with fresh data each time. Examples are
given in the "intervention" PDFs found in the protocol folder.

Practices will receive three waves of communications over three
months, on 2018-05-07, 2018-06-11, and 2018-07-16.

All recipients will receive an email, a letter, and a fax.  The
message they receive will include a link which is coded to include
variables for tracking the intervention and the wave (see #2).x

We are seeking to investigate superiority of any intervention over
control, and to explore the relative impact of different
interventions.


## Software

The software for generating and sending interventions is a Django app in the `antibioticsrct` subfolder. See the `README.md` there for further details.

Commit message:

Rename/move all models and folders to `nimodipine`

README.md, after:

# Nimodipine cohort study

This repository holds the code, data and documentation for our cohort
study *The Effect of Audit & Feedback on Prescribing Behaviour and
Engagement with Data on OpenPrescribing.net - A Programme of
Randomised Controlled Trials and Cohort Studies* (Med IDREC Ref: ​
R55595/RE001). The protocol is at `docs/protocol/protocol.pdf`.

This is a cohort study.  All practices in the cohort receive the
intervention.  The intervention alerts pratices to potentially
dangerous prescribing patterns relating to the drug nimodipine.

All recipients will receive an email, a letter, and a fax.  The
message they receive will include a link which is coded to include
variables for tracking the intervention and the wave.

Outcomes are:

* P1: does receipt of audit feedback prompt an improvement in performance
* S1: is email, letter or fax most effective

These will be measured via Google Analytics with comparison to each
other and earlier control periods.  A follow-up letter will be sent
6-12 months after the end of the trial.

We also ask a simple feedback question "Did the message we sent give
you new information about your prescribing?" when someone follows a
link from a letter.


## Software

This software started as a clone of
https://github.com/ebmdatalab/antibiotics-rct/, which was an RCT about
antibiotics prescribing.

The code for generating and sending interventions is a Django app
in the `antibioticsrct` subfolder. See the `README.md` there for
further details.
